

Resuming work after 6 month break(!).


Key "Theme", stolen from countless other media sources: Death and Rebirth.
	Specifically, the various dimension of Minecraft.
	



Since mods can have a player config file, we'll use that to separate the code segments.

	BASE SEGMENT: Shared Code, Faction support
		Main component will be generic code for supporting NPC faction AI.
		
		TODO
			Builder entity
			Soldier entity
			Resource collection
				pathfinding
				utlilization
			Player diplomacy state
			Player awareness (if any)
			Home generation
	
	
	
	Addons will include different Factions. Terraliths are currently a little different, but the Serpent / Kalammicinus Terralith 
	is similar to a Faction, might benefit from a shared codebase.
	
	Possible addons:
		*Aleph Faction	Consumes resources to build monument-cities. Neutral until attacked. Only one generated at a time.
		*Jodh Faction	Entites consumed by the Void. Hostile off the bat. Will launch assaults on close players. Smaller than Aleph city, but up to 4.
		Villager Faction(s) - To add more interesting villages to generation. Check Millenaire? Based on biomes. Have to choose how many.
			May have some different races.
			Temperate / Desert / Taiga/Ice /  Mesa?
		
		General Terraliths - Cataromotus, others. Focused on wide biome changes, rather than localized changes a la faction cities.
		Pocket Dimensions - Would be nice to craft small, limited dimensions similar to Nether that one could keep locked away from others.
			Private space, basically.
		More Interesting Dungeons - Add more items, descriptions, and deep places to delve. Preferably based on exisiting lore.
		*Region / Area Titles - Tied into the dungeon idea. *Might* be enjoyable to have biomes act a bit differently, in terms of naming or something.
								Need general device for interfacing with Waystones, servant terraliths/drones, etc.
								Maybe go with a consumable object that inflicts a custom status effect: Transient Worm -> Mother's Wisdom?
		
		Villain Mob		Persistent entities that always stay near the players, antagonizing them in specific ways. The Cataromotus is
							one example of this. An underground entity, such as a giant Silverfish that eats blocks, could be another.
							
		Captive Terraliths	Can "grow" Terraliths to harvest special resources or receive special abilities. Need to manage needs and keep
							them contained.
		
		Rebirth			If enough of the world is consumed by the Void, if possible, I'd like to make the world inaccessible to the players.
							At that point, players would die and load up in a new world (same session though, just different D-ID).
							No point to doing this though unless something carries over. I think we could have random items and structures
							pop up from the previous world in upspouts.
							
						If doing this, need to figure out a consistent world age cycle, for now to aid Rot generation, but possibly other
							features.
							
						Need to manipulate new chunk generation to match world age.
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
	TODO
		Change name references (sometime): 
			- The End Is Not The End	TEINTE
			- A Thin Place				ATP
			
		Get github page together and commit.
		
		Start generic Faction class
			resources
				using
				collecting
			assessing player base and assaulting
			growing base
			
		Utilize Faction for Aleph
			cities will be LSystem grown, spreading out from center with 70% out and 30% up.
			
		Start writing Rot
			terrain manipulation
			unit generation
			
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
Void Rot
	A) Sink columns of blocks 1 step at a time. (with possible variation)
	B) Replace air/water blocks with new liqiud block (Rot?), working your way up from bedrock. 1 solid, multiple liquid.
	C) Both.
	
	Rot starts 300-1500 blocks away from one random player.
	Radius of 4 chunks, not including home chunk. 
	There may be up to 5(?) sources at once.
	Rot that is greater than 1800 blocks away will spread slower.
	Rot deactivates after X amount of time (which translates to Y amount of block conversions / sinkings).
	Upon deactivation, 2 new sources?
	
	Possible changes:
		Upspout vs downspout - can sink or be pushed up according to the void tides.
		Periods of rapid change, where void floods into the world and changes back into entities and structures from other worlds.
	
	Remaining questions:
		
		
		
		
		
		
Vanilla
	Player HP: 20

	Sword	4 / 5 / 6 / 7
	Axe	7 / 9 / 9 / 9
	Armor	7 / 15 / 20

	Zombie
		HP: 20
		DF: 2
		AT: 2 / 3 / 4
	WSkel	AT: 5 / 8 / 12
	Skele	AT: 1-4 (inverse to range)

	Wither
		HP: 300
		AT: 5 / 8 / 12
		DF: 4
	